camera-binding/README.md, before:

# Camera binding java
Canon (EDSDK) EOS SDK binding in java

# Bindings generation
Bindings are generated via maven plugin jnaerator and execute
    
    jnaerator:generate
Bindings are manually modified and some methods removed (deprecated).
Reason behind is class names are wrong for structures and a generated overloaded method is wrongly typed which fails compilation.

# Technology used for bindings
[JNA](https://github.com/java-native-access/jna) has been chosen over [BridJ](https://github.com/nativelibs4java/BridJ) as headers (*.h) are in C and to keep same technology with previous project.

Execution time between JNA and BridJ should not affect camera communications.

[Mapping between Java and Native](https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/blob/master/www/Mappings.md)

[Prefer ByReference style](https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/blob/master/www/ByRefArguments.md)

[JNAerator GitHub](https://github.com/nativelibs4java/JNAerator)

[JNAerator wiki](https://github.com/nativelibs4java/JNAerator/wiki)

# JNA config
Mode 'Directory' is used but 'Maven' or 'AutoGeneratedMaven' output same result.

# JNA error
If get:

    org.anarres.cpp.InternalException: Bad token [Invalid65279@1,0]:"TOK65279"
Can solve with:

    grep -rl $'\xEF\xBB\xBF' . | xargs perl -i -pe 's{\xEF\xBB\xBF}{}'
Headers file from Canon SDK have some bad encoding characters.

Commit message:

Remove deprecated methods from library and force better type safety

camera-binding/README.md, after:

# Camera binding java
Canon (EDSDK) EOS SDK binding in java

# Bindings generation
Bindings are generated via maven plugin jnaerator and execute
    
    jnaerator:generate
Bindings are manually modified and some methods removed (deprecated).
Reason behind is class names are wrong for structures and a generated overloaded method is wrongly typed which fails compilation.

# Type safe
Bindings have been modified to ensure type-safe for most functions of library.

# Technology used for bindings
[JNA](https://github.com/java-native-access/jna) has been chosen over [BridJ](https://github.com/nativelibs4java/BridJ) as headers (*.h) are in C and to keep same technology with previous project.

Execution time between JNA and BridJ should not affect camera communications.

[Mapping between Java and Native](https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/blob/master/www/Mappings.md)

[Prefer ByReference style](https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/blob/master/www/ByRefArguments.md)

[JNAerator GitHub](https://github.com/nativelibs4java/JNAerator)

[JNAerator wiki](https://github.com/nativelibs4java/JNAerator/wiki)

# JNA config
Mode 'Directory' is used but 'Maven' or 'AutoGeneratedMaven' output same result.

# JNA error
If get:

    org.anarres.cpp.InternalException: Bad token [Invalid65279@1,0]:"TOK65279"
Can solve with:

    grep -rl $'\xEF\xBB\xBF' . | xargs perl -i -pe 's{\xEF\xBB\xBF}{}'
Headers file from Canon SDK have some bad encoding characters.
